README.md, before:

# TabNavigator for Obsidian

TabNavigator is a simple tab switcher for Obsidian.

## Features

- **Quick Tab Navigation**: <br>
Easily switch between open tabs by fuzzy searching through them.<br>
Initiate using the command palette or assign a hotkey with `tab-navigator:search-tabs`.
  - Search targets:
    - file name
    - file path
    - frontmatter aliases (toggleable via the "Enable Alias Search" option, enabled by default)
    - frontmatter tags (toggleable via the "Enable Tag Search" option, enabled by default)
- **Delete Duplicate Tabs**: <br>
Close duplicate tabs efficiently.<br>
Initiate using the command palette or assign a hotkey with `tab-navigator:close-duplicate-tabs`.

## Installation

1. Create a `tab-navigator` folder inside your `.obsidian/plugins` directory in your Obsidian vault.
2. Download the latest release of `main.js`, and `manifest.json` from the GitHub repository and place them inside the `tab-navigator` folder.
3. Restart Obsidian, then enable TabSwitcher from the Community Plugins section in the settings.

## Usage

Once TabNavigator is enabled, it will automatically integrate with Obsidian's tab system.

## Privacy and Security

TabNavigator does not transmit any user data externally. All data is kept locally, prioritizing user privacy and security.

## Performance and Compatibility

TabNavigator is designed to be lightweight and does not negatively impact Obsidian's performance. It is regularly updated to ensure compatibility with new versions of Obsidian.

## Pricing

This plugin is provided to everyone for free, however if you would like to
say thanks or help support continued development, feel free to send a little
my way through one of the following methods:

[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/o02c?style=social)](https://github.com/sponsors/o02c)
[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-o02c-yellow?style=social&logo=paypal)](https://paypal.me/o02c)
[<img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="BuyMeACoffee" width="100">](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/_o2c)
## Support

For questions or issues regarding TabNavigator, please use the GitHub Issues page for support. Feedback and feature requests are also welcome.

## License

This plugin is released under the MIT License. For more details, please refer to the LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Enhance TabNavigator functionality with new features and documentation updates
- Added a "Load all tabs on startup" setting to improve user experience.
- Implemented commands to load all tabs and remove duplicate tabs.
- Updated README.md to include limitations and usage instructions for tab loading behavior.
- Improved code structure and comments for better maintainability.

README.md, after:

# TabNavigator for Obsidian

TabNavigator is a simple tab switcher for Obsidian.

## Features

- **Quick Tab Navigation**: <br>
Easily switch between open tabs by fuzzy searching through them.<br>
Initiate using the command palette or assign a hotkey with `tab-navigator:search-tabs`.
  - Search targets:
    - file name
    - file path
    - frontmatter aliases (toggleable via the "Enable Alias Search" option, enabled by default)
    - frontmatter tags (toggleable via the "Enable Tag Search" option, enabled by default)
- **Delete Duplicate Tabs**: <br>
Close duplicate tabs efficiently.<br>
Initiate using the command palette or assign a hotkey with `tab-navigator:close-duplicate-tabs`.

## Installation

1. Create a `tab-navigator` folder inside your `.obsidian/plugins` directory in your Obsidian vault.
2. Download the latest release of `main.js`, and `manifest.json` from the GitHub repository and place them inside the `tab-navigator` folder.
3. Restart Obsidian, then enable TabSwitcher from the Community Plugins section in the settings.

## Usage

Once TabNavigator is enabled, it will automatically integrate with Obsidian's tab system.

## Privacy and Security

TabNavigator does not transmit any user data externally. All data is kept locally, prioritizing user privacy and security.

## Performance and Compatibility

TabNavigator is designed to be lightweight and does not negatively impact Obsidian's performance. It is regularly updated to ensure compatibility with new versions of Obsidian.

### Limitations

- **Tab Loading Behavior**: 
  - By default, inactive tabs are not loaded until they are clicked to preserve performance
  - For searching through all tabs including unloaded ones, you can:
    1. Manually click each tab to load it
    2. command palette: `tab-navigator:load-all-tabs` (not recommended for vaults with many tabs)
    3. Enable the "Load all tabs on startup" option in settings
  - Note: Options 2 and 3 interact directly with the DOM to load tabs, which may cause unexpected behavior in some cases.

## Pricing

This plugin is provided to everyone for free, however if you would like to
say thanks or help support continued development, feel free to send a little
my way through one of the following methods:

[![GitHub Sponsors](https://img.shields.io/github/sponsors/o02c?style=social)](https://github.com/sponsors/o02c)
[![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/paypal-o02c-yellow?style=social&logo=paypal)](https://paypal.me/o02c)
[<img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/v2/default-yellow.png" alt="BuyMeACoffee" width="100">](https://www.buymeacoffee.com/_o2c)
## Support

For questions or issues regarding TabNavigator, please use the GitHub Issues page for support. Feedback and feature requests are also welcome.

## License

This plugin is released under the MIT License. For more details, please refer to the LICENSE file.
